# ComicApp
I used an MVVM-architechture, so all fetching from the internet and database happens through the repositoryImpl, most of the businesslogic is in viewmodels. The DI is handled with Dagger-Hilt. The list of comics is derived through a webscrape of the comics-archive page (because there is no api that could return a list). The list is needed for search-functions. You can search for the name of the comic (or letters in the name) or by comic number. There are 3 fragments and an activity that handle the explicit ui-stuff. Project has been updated with (amongst other things) noitifications for new comics - a jobScheduler runs in the backgorund every 2 hours to check if there are any new comics available - if there is, a new notification is created. Once clicking on the "new" icon in the list, next to the new comics or by clicking on the notification itself, the notification is cancelled. There is a landscape design available for horizontally oriented comics, but you can also zoom and pan the comics by using gestures. The app includes caching of favorite comics which are also available offline. An item is saved and set as favorite by cicking the heart-icon in the detailscreen. Furthermore, the cached items can be toggled with heartsymbol in the actionbar. Also there is an "reload/update" icon that can be used to restore none cached data if the internetconnection is regained. Finally - since there are more than 2500 comics - there is also a small icon indicating which ones have been looked at before and which ones are still unseen. Finally (again) there is an "explanation-button" for each comic that opens a webpage in a webview - of the comic-explanation in question. The persisting of the app is handled using Room. 
